Sorry,
You have not passed your Staff application forum. You got 3 answers wrong.
Here are the questions you got wrong, and the answers to them.

Why should we pick you?
You did not fill this question out correctly 

How Often are you available to manage the server?
What you answered: Not often at all.
You did not meet the requirements to this question.

How familiar are you with the rules?
What you answered: I know barely any
It is required to know at least most of them.

Tell me about mentions, what is and isn't allowed?
What you answered: idk who tf mention is
Correct awnser: No unnecessary mentioning, if you need a moderator use !admin in any text channel.

Is racist or sexist remarks allowed on the server? 
What you answered: Sort of
Correct answer: No


Is there a rule about full cap messages? If so what does the rule state?
What you answered: If you type in all caps you are a phaggot.
Correct answer: No full cap messages.

Is putting links to your personal social accounts allowed?
What you answered: Yes
Correct answer: No


Is talking bad about the server a rule? If so what does it state?
What you answerd: If you talk shit you get hit, bitch.
Correct answer: Do not disrespect the server.

Is using spoilers allowed in the server?
What you anwserd: Yes
Correct anwser: Yes but not constantly

Is mic-spam allowed?
What you answered: Yes
Correct Answer: No
and this
Who's the Owner of the server?
What you answered: Some phaggot named jeff
Correct answer: Otto Potato

Is trying to get a staff member not to punish you allowed?
What you answered: Yes
Correct answer: No

What two text channels are you not allowed to have conversations in?
What you answered: Main Room, Dank Memes, Bot Commands, non-meme things, Server Suggetions
Correct Answer: Bot Commands, Server suggetions

Are you allowed to pretend to be a staff member?
What you answered: Yes
Correct answered: No

How many times can you break a rule before you get muted?
What you answered: Five times
Correct answer: Three times

How many time can you get kicked before you get banned?
What you answered: You can never be banned
Correct Answer: Twice

Are staff allowed to insult users?
What you answered: Yes
Correct answer: No

Can you copy the server?
What you answered: Yes
Correct Answer: Its illegal to

Where is the only text channel where NSFW content is allowed?
What you answered: Right up your phat phucking ass.
Correct answer: The V.I.P. NSFW Chat


Thanks for trying!

-ğ“ğ“½ğ“½ğ“¸ ğ“Ÿğ“¸ğ“½ğ“ªğ“½ğ“¸, ğ“ğ”€ğ“·ğ“®ğ“» ğ“¸ğ“¯ ğ“ğ“½ğ“½ğ“¸'ğ“¼ ğ““ğ“ªğ“·ğ“´ ğ““ğ“²ğ“¼
